hi um I just popped in on here really
quickly
um we're going out so me going to
friends for just drinks and nibbles um I
had to come back because when I watched
back the video about the miracle eye
cream that our God I forgot to tell you
about the most important ingredient in
it that actually gets rid of the
puffiness and I was so obsessed telling
you how I found it because he it was um
remember all about this magic peptide
Matrixyl and that's how I found the
cream and yes that cream has matrixyl in
it which is mostly responsible for
production of collagen but the actual
ingredient that gets rid of the
puffiness and the bags is called eyeless
and eyeless is another peptide which
improves drainage reduces capillary
fragility and skin slackening so if
Femmes your skin around the eyes
improves their elasticity and drains
their excess fluid because that's all
usually causes their eye bags and and
there is another very powerful
ingredient and they should look for in a
cream if you're suffering with eye bags
and dark circles and that's Halak so and
that another ingredient that reduces eye
bags and dark circles so if you get can
get them together they are very powerful
and am an effective ingredients to get
rid of the signs of aging around your
eyes and and tranquility skin cares I am
obsessed now with the website so I keep
going I've already ordered another
product they do another eye cream and
when I've checked through their
ingredients it has both of them so
I will be my next eye cream and that one
is called Swiss Swiss Apple ultra eye
lift serum so I will put that underneath
so um yes that's the really important
thing that I should have told you so you
don't think that if you go and find eye
cream with matrixyl winner is going to
get rid of your puffiness it's going to
improve your eyes because matrix was
great but you need really the the
ingredient that got rid of my puffiness
and the bags was their Alice so that's
whatever he wanted to tell you and what
else um let me just quickly say about
Twitter and Instagram I have Instagram
on which one I post pictures and some
people put some comments and I can reply
I have Twitter as well but I really
don't get to it I don't like it I know
some of you follow me on it and sorry if
you don't see anything from me on there
but I just don't get it I don't want to
have Facebook it just it just becomes
too much you know I'm I'm I'm quite busy
just making videos then trying to edit
them and then I love to read your
comments and then I would love to answer
every single one it's not always
possible I get a lot of private messages
as well into my inbox and I really
really try and I thank you from the
bottom of my heart for subscribing and
supporting me and watching me but I
cannot do Twitter and Facebook and all
these other things I quite enjoy
Instagram because it's quite instant as
the the way it said so um yeah I
probably carry on with the Instagram but
Twitter I really don't get it so that's
another thing um right you might not see
me now for a week or so and I will try
if I can
in the middle of the week maybe film
something but I'm going to be quite
pleased in my my brother is coming down
with his family to visit so I will be
very busy preparing the house for them
because they staying for a few days and
so yeah and I'm still working so I will
be quite busy so I will be do something
if I find the time but if not don't
worry I will be back week after that so
that's all I wanted to tell you today
thank you for watching and I see you
soon bye